Oh, are we team versatile now do we love to herself that's what you're doing you're shifting
I'll just follow you we're talking about how like we would definitely take a if they want to pay us will do it
Yeah, let's do it
Yeah, we had a joke that we would take a sponsorship from them for terminal to do their conference and we would just send a cardboard cutouts
How are you not great, I think I'm sick. Is that why you went home early? No
Sorry, my brain is a my brain flow. Okay
Lizzie sister was watching Zuko and she had to go home a day early, so gotcha. I had to go home a day early
But I think I was sick the whole time I was there pretty much cuz as soon as I got to
Dallas I felt kind of off and then
From Tuesday, I was like, I don't know. I felt this weird phase where I was like I could be sick
But I could also just not be sick. Yeah, my throat was sore
That first morning after we went and kind of hung out with a layer of ill people. I think that was just it's the bar thing
It's like it's smoky. It's loud. You're yelling at each other
But then it does make you question the whole time like am I actually sick. It's possible. Yeah, I was confused by that
But I think I definitely am sick cuz I there's a good taste. I get my mouth in the morning. Yeah
So
Yeah, yep, so that's that sucks, but a successful trip to Dallas. What'd you say?
It was fun. Yeah, it went really well. Everything went
Really smoothly really as far as I know I wasn't too involved in saying the stream
So I don't know if there was like chaos there, but it came out good
It was yeah, the the color temperature and all that like I just it drives me crazy when like yeah
I don't get it all right and it was like trying to warm up but also get the stream going
I would like to not do camera stuff anymore. I think I want to retire from knowing knowing anything about cameras
Yeah, the next thing that just let's just write everything. Yeah, that'd be great. Just seeing all those professional crews walking around and thinking like
they're gonna do a better job and
They're probably not that expensive. I don't know. I mean carrying my bag full of equipment around the airport was brutal
I literally have calluses on my fingers just from like a day of carrying that bag around
Yeah, it's insane. It's heavy. Yeah, I guess when we rent the person to do it
It's not like we're renting the equipment separately. So it's probably pretty cheap overall. Yeah, I would think so
Yeah, did we give any context? We streamed a basketball game in Dallas normal work activities just things, you know
basketball players
Hey, we won too. How about that? Yeah, we're we're winning professional basketball players
Yeah, I feel like we just retire now one and oh on our
Our basketball career like the terminal team never lost and never will lose because we will never play again
I just like this idea that will like
Accept the challenge for any sport from anyone. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We just do a tour of all of them
That'd be amazing. You guys want to play us in where we're down to try it
Yeah, I feel like we'd be pretty good at other things
It worked out perfectly that there's five of us and basketball requires five people
How fun was that though? Like just the collection of people on the court. It was just pretty crazy
Like all these people you know from twitter
All their faces are very familiar and you're running around like banging into each other playing basketball
It's just a different experience
Won't have that one again, probably
Yeah, it was funny because we had a uh, uh, so we used transistor for all our podcast stuff and
Yeah, and uh jack was there
Hasn't name right Justin your class. Justin. Sorry. Justin. Justin Jackson. Yeah. Yeah. So the jack
Justin was there
Uh, he scored a point under team, which was great. Yep
Yeah, so it's just funny to see everyone in these situations that they
A lot of them were like I haven't played basketball in in 20 years
So just put them in the situation
I thought they never heard there's somebody on the other team that they were having that like that had never played
They were having to explain that you dribble. You can't take steps that dribbling like they had never played
Oh really? Wow, it's pretty crazy. But then there was the guy on their team
Uh, I'm blanking on his name. CO Laravel. Whatever. I'm blanking, but he played college football. Tom. He was clearly
I can tell he wasn't trying he wasn't
what it felt like to me was
He was holding back the first half because
It maybe would be like a little unsportsman or maybe he felt like it would be like unsportsman like
Go hard in the last like four minutes. He scored like every point for them. Yeah. Yeah. It kind of took over. I was like
Yeah, I was like okay. That competitive if you've played competitive basketball like especially in college. I feel like
Yeah, something's gonna kick in and you're gonna be like screw this
Yeah, it was 99 though. Like he hasn't played since 99 college basketball
Are you serious like nine like 1999? Isn't that crazy?
I mean, he said he had played like five years ago. Maybe but like
College for that. Yeah, I thought so. I didn't think it was that long ago. I know
It's crazy. We're all getting so old. He's like 45. Wow. Okay. He was really good. All the gray beards
We're all just aging. It is kind of random that everyone on our everyone on the terminal team like is
Base level pretty athletic. It's like pretty random. Yeah for a group of random software engineers
Yeah, what's that about? I did feel like we are like kind of like good at this
We could probably like play sports as like a side thing
For a while and yeah, we still got some legs on us
Yeah, it was surprising
Like teaj clearly plays a lot of morning basketball
Prime just throws his body at everything. It's like a stream like prime stream is such a perfect embodiment of like
Right his his personality and how he plays sports as well. It turns out
And it's also just good hanging out like we don't get to do that a whole lot in person
Yeah, I thought it was cool because you know, no one
I don't think anything remotely like this gets done in conferences
so definitely first of its kind and
Yeah, it'd be cool to see what else we can uh
Whip up for the stuff coming up the rest of the year
We've just been throwing ideas around for how do we top the basketball game?
There's lots of cool ideas floating around. Well, not just a basketball game. Then we all all the lambos stuff
Oh, yeah, we said we rented a lambo
I forgot
Uh, we spent like a few hours with a lambo and took all kinds of funny videos
I can't wait for those to start coming out. What does somebody have all the footage now?
Are people editing? I think I think tj uploaded it
Into the slack. I think I didn't check because I was I was flying when he did that but uh
Yeah, we got to get those out. It's uh
Yeah, and that also we have the top like we've got to keep surprising people which is which is hard
But yeah, it's really fun
How about vegan bot? I love that guy. I didn't know really much about him
Oh my god, he's the best like the first when he walked in the room like first meeting him
I'm like, I don't know. I don't know if I'm gonna get along with this guy like it just he was a lot
Uh, but then you just appreciate him more and more. I feel like as you spend time with him. I love that guy
Yeah, he's like with you on everything. So yeah, he was just so helpful and yeah
Love that guy and then you learn that like he sends so many tweets satige and prime
He's like a ghost writer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta get on that. Uh, yeah, no kidding. I'm gonna get in the loop
I think he's got enough ideas for more than just he's in prime
Yeah, and what's also cool is uh, he's so I have a few friends that are in this specific space as well like that art and tech intersection
Um, it was really big in like the 20
mid 2010s
Uh, especially in New York like giant dedicated companies where all they would do is
Do one off crazy like tech installations
Different different different clients. Yep. He's super into that world and yeah
It's obviously way crazier now than it was back then but he's got just so many ideas
that we could just take and do for our stuff because uh, like
You just know stuff that's happened in like other spaces and we can like map that to ours. Yep
Um, so I'm like just send me all of your ideas. Like I will just build every single one. Yeah. I love it
Yeah, he's cool. He's great. It was great. Yeah. It was a it was a good conference. I felt like
My twitter timeline. I haven't been on twitter as much lately, but opening it at the conference
It was just it was taken over by
All these things going on. Yeah
So I remember lerecon last year and
It definitely wasn't this noisy like I remember like a few pictures of erin floating around
It seemed pretty quick, but this year it seemed like yeah, do you think we did?
Did we do our part here? Did we help boost?
Awareness with our shenanigans. Yeah, I mean I saw at least several tweets
We're like do I need to start learning PHP now and that's like the the metric for me
If like random people are just like having fomo if we're giving random like react influencers fomo
That's that's the goal. Yeah, so I think we did our job cool
Yeah, what's next what's next for terminal? Oh, we also saw coffee by the way if you're interested in some terminal coffee
Let's throw to our sponsors. I'm just gonna say stuff like that because criss that's fun stuff
When I say things like that
This episode of how about tomorrow is brought to you by Dax getting stuffed in the basketball game
And also by terminal coffee
Which you can order at terminal dot shop and while we cannot confirm nor deny that the coffee contains the sweat of prime
We can confirm that it does contain the tears of Dax as evidence by him getting stuffed in the basketball game
Be sure to get amazing tasting coffee. That's ethically sourced through your command line at terminal dot shop now back to the show
Terminal coffee though. We sold a bunch of artists in coffee online some in person
I feel very low energy. Do you feel very low? I mean you're sick. I'm yeah, this one's gonna be tough
I feel like we're both just kind of like reeling from the last two days
What else we met bash in person. That's the first time for me. Oh, really? Oh, I met her at twitch con twitch con are you?
I thought I was going to but I feel like and I even bought a ticket
I just I feel like I should reserve all my travel for terminal things terminal stuff. Yeah. Yeah, we're gonna be going to stuff enough that like
I can't throw in extra stuff. That doesn't really add to that. Yeah. Yeah, I feel the same way
Yeah, so we're trying to play another one for terminal in november
Is that secret? Can we say where it is or is it wish lightweight?
I just don't know it like was just not confirmed yet. So I don't want to say it's it's gonna be in New York, which
Yeah, let's keep pushing me to make that one happen
Just to go to New York. So go hang out. I want to go. Let me see
Um
Are there tech conferences in southern california? I do I haven't been l.a. And forever in california in a while
So I would I would enjoy that. It's like I would too. Is it because like
There's tech stuff going on in california all the time that they don't do conferences there because like there are conferences like
I guess in sf. I hate saying sf
like I think so there's
Well, you know, it's been a while. I know like when like Theo living there and people would be going to his apartment stuff
Because they're going to some tech conference. That was next conf. Was it just next conf? Oh, maybe it is just next conf
Yeah, maybe I think they're having another conference. I don't know. I heard maybe something about it
Sorry
Nice. Oh, are we team versell now do we love to versell? That's what you're doing. You're shifting
I'll just follow you. We're talking about how like we would definitely take if they want to pay us. We'll do it
Yeah, let's do it. We had a joke that uh, we would take a sponsorship from them for terminal to do their conference and we would just
Send cardboard cutouts
Oh, that's good
Uh
Yeah, I guess maybe there aren't a lot of tech conferences in sepsis go
But definitely not in like southern california, which is where I'd rather go. I don't want to go to the bay area
And the place sucks
Uh, the place sucks l.a. I mean, I just don't like it. I don't know
There's just like it's not very clean and there's like oh the city. Yes city is yeah the city itself is just where it is
Now it is yeah
I mean, it's it's so it's like a beautiful place, you know
Yeah, I guess geographically. I like to go to the ferry building
And uh, there's this place called mary poses. This is bakery and I have these vegan pop tarts. They're like plum flavored. They're so good
I call them pop tarts. They're like a
What would that be called a strudel? Yeah
Pop tarts. I mean come on
It's like whenever you travel anywhere you just get some vegan. I really do vegan pastries
It's kind of like my weakness. I just traveled to get vegan pastries. Yeah, there's a lot of vegan pastries in my neighborhood too. Yeah
Tell me more. Okay. Anyway. Oh, we might come to Miami by the way. Really? Uh, kacie. There's a volleyball camp. Uh, I don't remember
December, I think December. Oh, you guys should do it. That'll be really fun
Yeah, it's like she there's these camps they have all over the country and it's like
When one intersects with something that would be like hey, we could go see Daxon Liz
It's like it's a good reason to pick that one. So yeah, I'll let you know
But we hope you do it. We'll have to do that. Yeah, that'd be great. It's actually in south beach, but
It's gonna be fun. Yeah, you guys don't you guys won't stay there, but yeah, no
We'd stay closer to you and then we could just drive across the bridge or whatever
Which you know is not gonna have a lot of traffic this time because
I know it was crazy during react Miami
Was that just special circumstances that react Miami lined up with something where traffic was really bad or just time of year?
It must have been the conference because I literally
Like I live here and I consider myself close to the beach over there like yeah, usually like a 15 minute drive
Yeah
That was was it the e-merge america's the linkedin
So whatever the hell that is
The e-merge america's conference just like blows my mind because it really does
It's so big and then you see
Everyone there and you're like who are these people and like yeah, they're all in suits and like tom brady like somehow spoke there
like they're big enough to get tom brady to speak there but like
And it's like in Miami of all places like I just don't get it at all. I don't get it
Yeah
What's been going on in tech what else did we miss while we were doing real life stuff?
It's so funny to say like iRL like oh, that's my iRL friend like tea just came with sam
It's like this my iRL friends like we're all real life friends just not like in-person friends
But not enough
What is going on in tech is anything going on or in life?
Forget about tech who cares anymore. I just don't care anymore
I think the more people talk on twitter like technical topics the less I care
I care nothing about anyone's technical takes. I just don't
Like i'm sure someone cares. I just I can't even anymore. I can't pretend
Like your technical takes on twitter or just I don't know one cares. No one cares
Oh, there's been so much stuff going on. You seen has been like attacking. Oh, yeah
All the people that we associate with and they've been attacking back. Wait, what do you mean attacking all the people?
I mean like going after
Uh, just like it was just you seen a Theo fighting. Was it just you seen Theo?
I thought there were other people. What depth Cody also was in there. What depth Cody. I don't really know him. I guess
Uh, then there's like DHA topping in and being like, haha told you complexity sucks
It's been it's been a lot of twitter drama
That's definitely a good example of a conversation where I generally just felt like I don't
I actually just don't want to even get involved in this at all. Yeah, I really don't like talking to each other
It keeps coming up like this this yeah complexity versus
Like vps's or whatever. I'm just yeah, I don't care either side sounds and nobody's ever shipping anything exactly
Are they I don't know I saw you say something about that and I had to think about it deeply for a moment like
Are there a lot of people shipping? They just don't talk
So the people who are talking these people that are always like arguing about you should be a vp as there should be whatever
It's like I have never used your product. Yeah, like I I've never used any of your what is like one notable product
That is like shipped on a vps. I mean, I'm sure there are it's just that uh
Like for the volume of people talking about it. I would expect a proportion of volume of products and there is not
So okay, so let's define vps because I feel like lots of large companies manage their own infrastructure
Like they don't use I mean ec2 is a vps. Okay. Right. So like there's this association though with vps
There's kind of a connotation that it's like a digital ocean droplet is cheap and it's whatever
It's not using one of the major cloud providers. Don't you think there's there's it's like I know
I think the application is that you just they highlight how cheap it could all be and obviously ec2 is not cheap in terms of compute
Yeah on its own and it's but it's an AWS thing
So like you're not spiritually aligned with the crowd. That's like the five dollar vps crowd, right?
Yeah, but I think at this point the war has gotten so large that they're like recruiting everyone they can so they're like
I got like included because that because now I do see people say like just get a server on
Petzner or AWS or whatever. I see that get included. Okay, so they include AWS. Yeah, they're just opposed to
Well, that's the thing like the five dollar vps crowd is sort of like really angry at the versell and like netlify layer of
cloud abstraction which I also think is stupid and won't exist in five years or if it does it'll look very different
But that's not where we live. We talked about this at least offline. No, yeah, but that's what I'm saying
I just feel like this group doesn't ship anything because so someone asked me the other day
Uh, I was talking
No, and that joke post that made where I was like for cell rules because I was wanting to flip sides
Yeah, because everyone is on the anti-versal side
Which is like mostly a joke but a part of me is like so tuned to just do the opposite that I'm just like maybe I should be pro
Someone replied being like hey, what's your recommendation for
I'm if I'm building something that is not going to go viral
Like how would you think about whether I use a vps or serverless or something, right?
And I replied being like I just don't work on anything that I don't think will go viral
Like what's the point? Yeah, why work on something that yeah, yeah, so I'm like I
That like I don't know what perspective you have at all for that kind of thing
So like I don't know what it says do but they pressed me on it and I was like
Here's actually what it comes down to like good whenever this stuff comes up people like design an architecture from scratch
They're like you should buy a vps and then spin this up and do it as though. This is like the only thing you're ever gonna work on
Yeah, I could do all that. I know how to do all that
I've done all that in the past
But I don't want one thing I'm working on to look radically different than another thing
I'm working on just because it like was smaller at this point
Like I just pick a capable platform that works whether I'm making something really simple or making something really complicated
That way all my apps look similar and work in the same way because
Especially when you're working on a lot of things the context switching of technologies is sucks
And I think people can feel this when like they maybe tried out like
Solid on some project and then all our projects still in react and then switching with you
Now that also on the infrastructure layer
So for me like yeah, I don't I don't really consider those other options because
I do have big things that I'm managing that do need a WS so everything else might as well be there
Yeah, and it doesn't feel like
And I'm sure people have said this before but it doesn't feel like extra work once you not extra work once you know
Yeah, it's like I hate the idea that like just ship a thing that's as fast as you possibly can
It could be a piece of junk but like ship it so you can move on and make money or whatever
It's like
It doesn't take me more time to ship something with this stack that works for anything than it does
Like I don't know what shortcuts I would take that actually saved me time
By using some other stack or some simpler thing and a bunch of other stuff comes up
It's like okay now it's in production
I guess because the server I do need to monitor stuff and add the ghost setup data dog and have to do all these things
I'm just I've done these all the stuff in the past and I just don't want to do that again
So
That's what I'm saying like I don't know these people are actually building
Anything like see how my answer was very scoped to other stuff. I'm doing and like my life and stuff
I can't like I can't speak without that context and a lot of these people make these recommendations without that stuff
So I'm like, yeah, I don't know. I don't think they're actually building anything
Yeah, what about on the other side? Do you think anyone's building anything with bracelle slop?
No, I don't think so either
I mean there are actually no to be fair there are companies. There are products I use that I go
Like cal.com. That's that's a big one or did they move off herself? I don't use cal.com, but I use a I use type fully
Which is like oh, that's a twitter thing
Yeah, I just use a friend of the mix because they have like the best looking analytics page for that
You don't you don't use it to write your your thread boy threads
And I did see them in this conversation arguing why they use whatever, but just like
I just don't I don't know. I just really don't care and I think what's been really freeing for me. I don't know if I says already
Just a shift that SST's taken
I feel so not pinned to any kind of way of building
Yeah, so even more so I like don't care at all
because like I'm not biased anymore about wanting people to build a certain way because it lines up with
SST primitive SST primitives now cover everything so yeah
Yeah, I'm just like whatever just tell me what you want to do and I'll do it. I have no opinion on
Yeah, whatever sucks or not, you know kind of just say when you're sick
You have like the deepest
Richest voice for a podcast ever. I need you to be sick more. It just sounds really nice than add funds
I'm sure the listeners will agree. I know I I've had this thought before and I think I can maybe fake it when I uh, oh
There you go. I don't know. He's the paid attention
Began has a really great voice too. Oh, he does that like voice. Yeah
Newscaster voice or whatever. Uh-huh. I just want to I want to do stuff with Began now
Like whatever his little brain comes up with his big brain comes up with
His weird brain comes up with yeah
He's so into like some very specific things and like
I can't imagine anyone knows more. You know what he reminds me of? I meant to say this to him in
Dallas
In the booby-doon or the books whatever the guys that can calculate what are those called?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's like that, but with like with like internet lore. Yeah with like memes and lore
Like you can just tell you anything. Yeah, let's go try because I can't think of the name of it
Here's the other thing that we also found. So that for you left, uh, you know how whenever any kind of drama happens and he gets deleted
Someone's order of always posting screenshots of it. Yeah. Yeah, he's a guy. That's just always to get a screenshot right away
He's just like he's like he's an archivist. He's got just screenshots of everything
Yeah, I can see his reaction when you see something like that. Oh, hang on
Yeah, exactly
Okay, got it
He's a person that's just yeah, he just has everything saved from like any like drama
You can query him about he'll like produce the the artifacts for you
I have I have I have wondered that before like who are these people that take screenshots
I also wonder like when you see really funny memes like who are the people that make these things and it's also vegan
It's people like vegan like this. They just have that brain
you can like show him any random like
You know like these like cartoon images people post of like a certain face. Yeah, like the wojack or there was one
I can't remember it. Uh, it was one of the you've seen responses
I think it's like this kind of black and white drawing of a guy. Yeah, I think it was his response to adam rakus
Uh
And like I just knew when I saw it like be gonna know what that's called. He knew immediately and like I didn't even show to him
I just described it to him. He's like, oh, yeah, no, no, no
He's he really is like one of those things in dude. Yeah, he just I think he thinks physically lives on the internet
It's what feels like real. Yeah, because it dresses the internet
There was some tech stuff that happened this week. So it was refreshing my memory on hacker new stuff instant db
Which has been like announced for a while and like kind of in
Being worked on I think it's like officially public now
Instant what'd you call it instant db.com. It's another entrance in the local first category
Okay
And is it is it good?
I feel like you're you're good. I haven't been able to dig into it too much. I think my initial look at it
it looks very similar to
Replicash plus the replicash back in that they're now deprecating
Okay, so yeah, it's it's kind of like a fun
I think I I still put there's just it's funny how crazy influential firebase is like I realize there's so many companies where I
Describe them as oh, they're trying to be like a firebase, but this can mean like so many different things
Uh, so this is like a firebase in that
it is a client side library that can like talk to a
Back end that you don't need to build
Um, but they went really hard on all the local first stuff. So being able to like sync all data locally
Create queries that are live updated like all of those things. But just like I guess taking a step back. It's just
It's pretty wild to see how much more attention this space
Is getting like there's more and more entrance. Like these are like legit efforts
They're not like one off little things. Uh, like the people behind this have worked pretty hard on all of this and it seems
Pretty polished and pretty deeply integrated with uh, the things I mean that obviously focus on react. Yeah, but then zero
is like
A new way of doing all this. I really want to understand better zeros. Yeah, so so I think the replicash team have have experimented with a
Few different extremes and they're kind of like trying different
Approaches on this. So first was a client side only library. So this is just something that
Exists on the front end you implement a back end point that I can sync with and that's what I'm using currently with all of my projects
Yeah, and they went to the extreme of
Okay, obviously setting up that back at end point yourself is complicated. So let's build a full back end of the service
Uh thing that like fully owns all of your data
And you can just plug any replicash front end into it and that was called a
Reflect
They ultimately decided not to continue with that and they're like a sudden setting at some point
Now they're trying a different angle, which is kind of in between of the two
They give you uh, basically a container that can sit in front of your database and serve a replicash application
A replicash front end, but you still have your own back end like a very normal looking back end that has like
conserve other things like
You know, just it's like for like a more like realistic app. That's not just replicash
Yeah, like you own your database. You own yeah
All of that. Does it work with any database or how? Yeah, what does it work with?
It will but right now it's the first version is going to be postgres specific
But the underlying architecture is pretty simple like the only database specific part is
The replication layer between the database and their server. Mm-hmm. Um, so that they'll implement that for every uh
Database that they want to support and that's what zero is this
We're talking about zero. Okay. Yeah. What's cool about that is because so I built our endpoint thing for
Boomi for sst for uh
For radiance. I can spend like a year on that if I wanted just to make an endpoint better faster like more teachers, etc
But they're basically doing that uh, so it allows for so many cool things where you can just like
Drop components on a page and it knows what queries that component needs
And if you're running this through srs, it'll actually fetch it all
Uh server side rendered so zero includes front end components that you're saying it includes in a gray
Or it's planned to include like integrations with front end frameworks
Right. So if you you basically can um
And it's if you've ever looked at graph ql relay. It's kind of similar. Yeah. Yeah, if you like batches up the queries and yeah
Exactly. So if you have a component it's like user component. You can say like what data you need from the
Your data store to fill this user component then on s there's like an srs hook
So when it's srs, it'll resolve all of those
From like this replica layer. Mm-hmm. So it'll actually get srs
But what's on the front end this data starts getting synced locally and saved
Uh, if there are components you have not visited for a while
They start expiring out of the cache
So if it's like save the data for a component for your user profile because I looked at it
Yep, and I haven't looked at it again in a week. It'll like rotate out and that's a
Historically, that's been like really manual to configure rules on. Yeah. Yeah, how long to keep data how like move this slide this window around
Um, so they've just built a way to do this all completely automatically. So it'll be pretty nice
Pretty cool. And they just sent me like their reference architecture on how
Uh, you would deploy this into your AWS account or wherever it is like a little complicated
There's like simple versions of it. There's more complicated versions of it
But it's not bad like self-hosting. This is like not going to be too hard
Yeah, I wonder like if it's a container is it pretty like does it match with sst's
Like yep cluster thing. Yeah, but we're actually gonna build a component for it
Oh nice. So just drop in to an sst at that. So cool
I love that sst you guys have the ability to to go that level of abstraction like
Here is a replica zero component and everything is done
Yep, and it works with your infrastructure. It creates your infrastructure. Yeah, like front end frameworks can't do that
They don't have that power. Yeah
So
By the way, the thing that the reason I brought this up in the first place is instant DB thing
Uh
This is the first time my career where I can finally check the box if I was early to something
Um, oh, because I remember the first time you were early. I feel like that's not true
No, I think it's true. I think to like pass a threshold of being like
It's funny because sort of if I was really early on it, I would have built it
So I wasn't that early
But I would say this is the earliest I've ever been to something because I've seen
I remember talking about this like years ago when like sst was a thing I was talking about and nobody was like
Nobody knew what I was talking about and now I see tweets every week where someone's like
Wait, I tried this local first thing like whoa
How is this not like the future of everything?
Yeah, like people we know too. So I'm like, oh, yeah, I finally feel like
I like witnessed that shift and it feels good. Yeah. Yeah, so the next next goal is to be early enough where
You know, you like invent the thing. Yeah. Yeah, yeah
Yeah, how long has rectal cash been like how long ago did he start that must be like five years now?
Five years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it does feel like the best applications
In a browser are going to be local first. It's like any trade-offs
That there are like oh you're not
Like that just needs to be solved like you need to get the best of both worlds
You need to if you need to serve a render stuff for whatever reasons seo or whatever else
Like we got to just solve that problem, but there's no way like a a multi-page app like
Using any one of the ssr frameworks is going to approach
the quality of a local first app without I guess I guess anything could be done with just enough effort but like
Local first gives you that like amazing application feeling everything's instant. Everything feels really good
Feels like you can solve the ssr stuff and it sounds like it already is being solved
More easily than like an ssr framework can figure out how to make
Like the local first thing that make it feel local first. Yeah, it's a got a scope for them
Yeah, exactly because I think about this all the time with stat news like oh, we don't have much inner activity
But then we keep adding more it's like oh we need to sprinkle in this inner activity and it's like at the end of the day
It doesn't feel very good because we don't have really good tools
Uh to kind of like make that all feel instant and smooth. It's like we started with the ssr
And that kind of constrains a lot of what we can do
So yeah, I I do I think the future is like
local first with
Figuring out all the other things that you need to figure out
But start from that foundation because it's just gonna feel better that thing that you guys went through is something that I feel like
it shows up a lot where
Early on a project you're like oh
The shape of this project
is pretty simple
And because it's simple we can adopt this constraint that would like really simplify things for us across the board
And then all the things you hope to never need you like eventually start slowly need. Yeah, yeah
And it's similar to that like the vps conversation where it's like
Like if you have any amount of experience you've just gone through
That thing over and over. We just don't want to start from the simplest thing
Yeah, and just like go through that pane of like rewriting over and over
Um, and I think we see like a lot of where how st's positioned is like specifically around this
Yeah, we have simplified components
But
We know that you're eventually gonna break out of those and need yeah weird configuration more. Yep
Yeah, and more control design specifically around like our whole framework design around the idea of being able to do that
uh, whereas a lot of these sass services are designed around the bet that you'll never need to
You'll never do that because the sass there was a moment you need to break through to that stuff
The product becomes extremely ugly
It just like really breaks down and like kind of fits the purpose of using it in the first place
Uh, but yeah, everyone eventually just always needs it like as it just always happens. Yeah
Yeah, this goes to like the twitter drama
You're seeing kind of like pointing out the thing that he's angry about
Uh, being that it feels like the modern
Uh, sass slop. I guess i'll call it in honor of his
Coining at that slop. He just keeps saying the word slop
Uh that he feels like they're like
Trying to convince new engineers that they're too dumb. They'll never figure it out. I've heard you say similar things like
Uh, not trying to lump you in with your scene that like you agree with everything he says
uh
Don't want to get you canceled, but
The uh, the idea that there's this whole wave of like dev tools companies that are like
Trying to simplify in a way that just like
People aren't learning things. They should probably learn anymore
Or new engineers that are coming into the field
It's kind of like trying to shield them from something that would be valuable lessons to learn. Do you agree with all that?
Yeah, I think this falls in the category of something that's very confusing for me, which is
Yes, I agree with everything there
But it also sounds a lot like what you always hear which is
The kids these days don't even know how to do x
Yeah, it's true
And and you remember being a kid and you remember like quote-unquote kid and you remember like the grown-ups
Saying stuff like that
And you know, it may be a lot of it turned out to not matter
So I think I
Let that like kind of check myself to some degree
But I also see this other thing where people like see a pattern and they apply it like way too aggressively
Like yeah, this does look like that
But it's also different like yeah, if I think about like our early career
There could have been the generation before us looking at us writing our Java and our C# and whatever and being like
This this generation hadn't even learned assembly or they're not even writing stuff and C anymore
And I've gotten my whole career and hadn't had to do either of those things
So like it's possible that this whole wave coming in now will never have to know how to manage a server or manage
Uh lower level stuff like I don't know in gen X and whatever else
Well, I think
The thing that I think if I like draw a differentiation
A lot of the simplification that happened in our era allowed for a lot more to be done
Like a lot more software to be written because like it didn't really give up a lot of capabilities
Right like if you think about something like garbage collected languages like
That allowed for
All sorts of things to be built where garbage collection was fine
Um, whereas with this modern stuff, it feels more like
They've defined a very very narrow kind of application
And they've hyper optimized for it and I feel like I can't see like
Here's like why 10x or a hundred x amount of software will be written because of these tools
I may be obvious. I've been like ahead of time, but
I think looking back that's a difference like that's why like the quote-unquote old timers were wrong
because
These tools helped a lot more software be built. Yep. Yep. I don't know if that'll happen with this generation of stuff
It feels like you'd actually here's here's what it feels like
I think the difference between
See and I garbage put the language is like a 10x improvement or like a hundred x improvements like a massive massive improvement
Yeah, whereas this generation of stuff is positioned the same way, but I feel like it's like
50% better. It's like it's like maybe two times better
I mean like Vercel for me is like it's like cicd which just feels like
A commodity at this point. I mean like people are that was the initial big thing
It's like I can just push to get up and not think about it
It's like yeah, you can do that with like 15 services now or like even the underlying stuff
It's getting easier and easier to do that with do you agree with that? Yeah, yeah, exactly. It's like it doesn't feel
It's like a little bit better, you know, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is that the nature of
Like diminishing returns or something with progress and technology? No, technology historically just goes up real big
Yeah, it's like a curve that keeps getting more and impressive, right?
No, I
And this is like we'll see who ends up being right on all this but
That from where i'm sitting. I feel like
This world does it and understand
What like venture?
Yeah, is at all. I've been talking about it's a bunch of tests. Yeah, I've seen it on twitter. You've been saying stuff
People will build something that is a little bit better
And they'll think that this is a venture scale thing
And it'll also be very non contrarian. It'll be following like the trend that everyone else is doing
Or i'm like
One as an investor like you know that all your returns are going to come from a single company that like goes huge
And no company ever does that by like
Following the trend or making something incrementally better like it's so kind of like if you're just building a nice
For yourself like that's fine, but these are all these companies are in the venture scale category
I'm just like what is everyone doing like like we've all read the same books. We've all I mean j point out this this out the other day
He's like yeah, we know power law exists within companies like a few companies end up really winning
But it exists inside investors also
Like only a few vcs really get it and only a few vcs really actually win
Um, so that's probably what we're seeing like as weird as it is like I don't think a lot of these
PCs understand this and like why are you betting on these like
Incrementally better products like what whereas like the wild contrarian bets like it's just
And that that's that to me. It feels it feels a weird like this is like the industry that's supposed to talk about that a lot
Or the industry that where there's like so much reading material about thinking that way. Yeah, but everyone just like
Oh, yeah, this seems like you know the next incremental step and incremental steps tend to work. It's not like they're like
Oh, this is gonna like be a total bus. They tend to like at least work a little
And we're just like down for that. They're not like no, we gotta like actually do something. That's crazy different
Like i'm gonna make a hosted post-crest service. It's gonna be amazing
like there's a trend of
Databases then and now we're gonna like join that it's just like
Everyone just everyone still thinks in terms of trends like there's and I said this thing the other day too where
People talk about trends like it's the weather or like there's there's like wind blowing and they're like oh
Like the wind is blowing. We are like put up our sail. Yeah, and they like see trends that way
That's not what is a trend is a trend is
Someone like dragging the world into like a new thing like you you're not there like capture the trend
You're there to like make the trend and push it
But vc is talking entirely in terms of trends because they're never the ones
Making the trend. Yeah, so I can see how that affects founders
Oh, it's like the dev tools wave. I mean just how much money was flowing into dev tools
There's always some hot sector in vc world
That just gets way too much money poured into it
Yeah, and we're still we're gonna watch the unraveling of that in dev tools for a while
Right. The thing i'm pointing out though is this way of think I get why vc's see it from this way because that's the only thing
They can latch on to but I think it's infecting the founders too
Who should like try to resist that like I keep I always think back to
When the clerk CEO responded to you because you were like, oh, why like do you like make your pitch to me?
Of why I should use clerk and he responded to you with an essay full of like
graphs and charts and gartner research and trend and like he and he did this again recently last week
Where they're like he's like here are the shifts in the market and here's how we're going to be positioned to take advantage
It's just like yeah
That shit does not go venture scale like that approach just does not it doesn't do it. Yeah. Yeah, but it's weird to me
I'm like how is this is this is that thing? We're supposed to be doing like we all signed up to be a venture scale company
This is the one thing we have to be doing wise. No one doing it
So are there examples like I feel like you see so many examples on this the wrong side of this where they're not
Taking big bets. Are there examples that you admire that did take big bets like that are active startups that you feel like actually
Chose the right size kind of thing. Yeah, I mean, I think it's there's a very simple way to measure this right you
I think people have a really tough time separating
There's two dimensions. There's how likely are they to be right? Yes or no
And the other dimension which is totally unrelated which is a part of people have trouble understanding is
If they are right how big is the impact?
So people tend a couple isn't the one dimension. So when they see that a company is likely to be right
They just assume it's going to be big impact. Oh, when I see a company has low likelihood to be right
They assume it's going to be low impact
But really what you actually look for are companies that have a low likelihood of being right
But if they are right, it's going to be a massive massive impact. Yeah, um, so we were talking about replicas earlier, right?
Their bet is the whole web is being built incorrectly
And the right way to build it is this totally other architecture
Is that actually going to happen? I don't know very low chance that it will but if it does like
They're just going to win like yeah, like way more than anyone else, right?
Yep
And to me like nothing is worth working on in venture scale if you can't frame it in that way
Uh, like yeah, so there are not a lot especially in dev tools and dev tools tends to be like pretty incremental
Outside of dev tools. There's obviously a ton. Yeah, I'm sure. Yeah, that is the state of our space
Uh, we're quite boring. I think
Fortunately, we are quite boring. Yeah, I'm quite bored. I'm bored with much of the discourse
And it's that helped me kind of get off of twitter and not be that active right now
I which I I get like there's a lot of other benefits twitter just the memes and the hanging out or whatever
I am there's a fantasy football league. I mean, that's on twitter. So i'm excited for that. We're drafting tomorrow. Actually, I think
Uh turns out turk listens are a podcast and he thinks I am cheating because I talked about my secret weapon last time
Uh, so if you're still listening turk
I love you. That's all. I just like you. You're the best. Thanks for running the league. Did you see how viral turquet
This past week. Oh, no, did he? He had a tweet with like 150 000 likes
Oh my god. It was so impactful that it showed up in google search trends
What what was the tweet? I can't say it out loud because uh, oh, okay. He he translated computer science
Into norwegian and it's quite a funny translation
Okay, uh, I feel like i've seen more like mega viral tweets
lately like I don't know if they're just showing up my feed more but like
Numbers that I don't remember seeing like a year ago on a single tweet and it feels like it's happened within our little like
Corner of twitter, you know what I mean? Like people we know. I know i've seen theo
Has had at least one or two really giant thick had one recently vick. Yeah. Yeah, I saw that
I've never been go that big. It's pretty wild when people pull that off. Oh, that's crazy
I can't imagine what you're like
Notific I guess you don't get notifications at that point like you're just
Checked out when stuff leaves are bubble. It goes crazy. Mm-hmm. Oh speaking of going viral
Um, I think you lon said that they are going to do a refresh of the twitter algorithm
Like github repo. Oh, is it never changed? I hadn't checked back in. Has it never changed since the first time?
So he said that he said that it's like
The word 30,000 was there I don't have to say 30,000 lines or 30,000 changes
I don't know what it is and they're gonna be they're gonna be updating it
And they said they made like a lot of changes recently because they were talking about how they're trying to make it so
It's fine. They were like we're trying to make it so banger tweets go big even if it's not from a big account and i'm like
There's a funny way to phrase it, but like yeah, that's actually what you want
You just want the best content to go big even if it's from a smaller account
Which I see how that's challenging. Don't they say that about tiktok like tiktok has that going for it?
The most customizable algorithm in the world tiktok. Yeah. Oh really? Their stuff is so wild
I just I don't even understand how it's so good
I don't use it at all, but like what people I see people describe it or I see people using tiktok. I'm just like
How does it know this well? Yeah, is it scary to you? Like is there like a china thing?
Scary or something. I don't know what it feels like to me is it feels like there's so much content being produced that it's almost
It's hard to differentiate the
The app knowing what you like and just like generating it for you in real time
From like it just finding because there's so much content being generated constantly
So there's like by accident enough content for you. Yeah being generated every single day. Yeah
And it's so wild because it's just so obvious, but
I it never clicked for me before like I don't use these apps much
But like my instagram for example
It shows me a bunch of doberman videos because I have one I love doberman's and that's that's what i'll watch
Yeah, and I had this weird I realized already I had this weird perception of it where i'm like
Oh, like i'm watching all these videos and i'm like running out of doberman videos to watch and like because i've seen so many of them already
Yeah, and it didn't click for me that oh, but there's like always new videos being made of doberman's
Because there's always more doberman puppies. There's always like yeah
You know more situations and i'm like i'm really never going to run out of this
They're like making more than i can consume and that was different from the wave that my head had understood it before
I was like there's a fixed amount of videos out there and i'm like slowly
Consuming them all and eventually i'm not really going to have any but yeah, yeah, it's just weird to understand that's infinite
There's some infinite content. Yeah, I love to hear began talk about content
I'll never hear the word content again without thinking of began now
All right, well, I really have to pee and I feel like maybe this was just not going to be as long
I feel like we're both like need a nap or something maybe
This is like the lowest energy focus. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's great. It's my voice sounds for podcast. It sounds amazing
But yeah, it's probably wearing it out too
It's been fun as always. Okay, get well. Get well soon. See you. See you next